content/pages/KantConference.md, before:

title: Robert R. Chambers Philosophy Conference
status: hidden
slug: chambers-conference

<!-- # Kant on Introspection, Self-Consciousness, and Self-Knowledge -->

Welcome to the home page for the seventh annual [Robert R. Chambers Philosophy
Conference][] on themes related to Kant's (and Kantian) views on introspection,
self-consciousness, and self-knowledge. The conference is hosted by the
[Department of Philosophy][] at [UNL][] on May 1-2, 2015.

  [Robert R. Chambers Philosophy Conference]: http://www.unl.edu/philosophy/chambers-philosophy-conference-series
  [Department of Philosophy]: http://www.unl.edu/philosophy/home
  [UNL]: http://www.unl.edu/

The scheduled program for the conference can be found [here]({filename}/pages/KantConferenceProgram.md). 

If you would like to attend please [register here][]. Those who are planning to attend the
conference should note that the [Lincoln marathon][] is happening the same
weekend, which may impact flight and hotel availability. Please plan
accordingly!

  [register here]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pCUAdA7DmWb1MPR229lGVEOvk_CDA-MhGIdoFMwZ_1s/viewform
  [contact me]: mailto:mclear@unl.edu
  [Lincoln Marathon]: http://www.lincolnmarathon.org

## Participants ##

Confirmed speakers:

- [Andrew Brook](http://carleton.ca/philosophy/people/brook-andrew/) (Carleton University)
- [Andrew Chignell](http://www.chignell.net) (Cornell University) 
- [Yoon Choi](http://www.marquette.edu/phil/httpwww.marquette.eduphilfaculty_choi.shtml) (Marquette University)
- [Anil Gomes](http://www.anilgomes.com) (Oxford University)
- [Béatrice Longuenesse](http://philosophy.fas.nyu.edu/object/beatricelonguenesse.html) (New York University)
- [Alexandra Newton](http://www.philosophy.illinois.edu/people/amnewton) (University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign)
- [Clinton Tolley](http://philosophyfaculty.ucsd.edu/faculty/ctolley/) (University of California, San Diego)

## Accomodations ##

There are various suitable hotels in downtown Lincoln. Here is a list from most to least expensive:

-   The [Embassy Suites][]
-   The [Cornhusker Marriot][]
-   The [Courtyard Marriot][]
-   The [Hilton Garden Inn][]
-   The [Holiday Inn][]

  [Embassy Suites]: http://embassysuites3.hilton.com/en/hotels/nebraska/embassy-suites-lincoln-LNKESES/index.html
  [Cornhusker Marriot]: http://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/lnkfs-the-cornhusker-a-marriott-hotel/
  [Courtyard Marriot]: http://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/lnkcy-courtyard-lincoln-downtown-haymarket/
  [Hilton Garden Inn]: http://hiltongardeninn3.hilton.com/en/hotels/nebraska/hilton-garden-inn-lincoln-downtown-haymarket-LNKDHGI/index.html
  [Holiday Inn]: http://www.ihg.com/holidayinn/hotels/us/en/lincoln/lnkdt/hoteldetail

We currently have a small block of rooms reserved at the Hilton Garden Inn
($114/night). If you're making a reservation, just let them know you're coming
for a UNL event run by the philosophy department and they should be able to give
you the discount rate.

The Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources offers [short term rental
apartments][] on East Campus, which is a short (5-12 minute) shuttle ride away,
for $60 per night. If you think you'd be interested in an apartment please
[contact me][].

  [short term rental apartments]: http://ianrhome.unl.edu/apartments
  [contact me]: mailto:mclear@unl.edu

## Travel ##

There are flights daily from both the [Lincoln Airport](http://www.lincolnairport.com) (LNK) and [Eppley Airport](http://www.flyoma.com) (OMA) in Omaha, about an [hour north](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Eppley+Airfield,+4501+Abbott+Drive,+Omaha,+NE+68110/Lincoln,+NE/@41.297008,-95.902026,17z/data=!4m17!4m16!1m5!1m1!1s0x87939aa5e9097ba3:0x1fb780b63c0867bd!2m2!1d-95.893591!2d41.302496!1m5!1m1!1s0x8796be59ca561265:0x633a859b1fd5deb9!2m2!1d-96.675278!2d40.809722!6m3!1i0!2i0!3i0) of Lincoln. 

There are regular shuttles from the Lincoln airport to the major downtown
hotels, including the Embassy Suites (call 402-474-1111) and the Hilton Garden
Inn (call 402-475-9000). These shuttles are free of charge. All the downtown
hotels are in easy walking distance to the conference venue and other planned
activities. 

[HOME➝](http://colinmclear.net)

Commit message:

Update class pages and add content
- Update CV files
- Add blog posts
- Update conference page
- Update personal pages

content/pages/KantConference.md, after:

title: Robert R. Chambers Philosophy Conference
status: hidden
slug: chambers-conference

<!-- # Kant on Introspection, Self-Consciousness, and Self-Knowledge -->

**Update**: If you're looking for the webpage for the eighth annual Chambers
  Philosophy Conference (April 22-3, 2016), on practical reason and meta-ethics, you can find it
  [here](https://sites.google.com/site/practicalreasonandmetaethics/).

Welcome to the home page for the seventh annual [Robert R. Chambers Philosophy
Conference][] on themes related to Kant's (and Kantian) views on introspection,
self-consciousness, and self-knowledge. The conference is hosted by the
[Department of Philosophy][] at [UNL][] on May 1-2, 2015.

  [Robert R. Chambers Philosophy Conference]: http://www.unl.edu/philosophy/chambers-philosophy-conference-series
  [Department of Philosophy]: http://www.unl.edu/philosophy/home
  [UNL]: http://www.unl.edu/

The scheduled program for the conference can be found [here]({filename}/pages/KantConferenceProgram.md). 

If you would like to attend please [register here][]. Those who are planning to attend the
conference should note that the [Lincoln marathon][] is happening the same
weekend, which may impact flight and hotel availability. Please plan
accordingly!

  [register here]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pCUAdA7DmWb1MPR229lGVEOvk_CDA-MhGIdoFMwZ_1s/viewform
  [contact me]: mailto:mclear@unl.edu
  [Lincoln Marathon]: http://www.lincolnmarathon.org

## Participants ##

Confirmed speakers:

- [Andrew Brook](http://carleton.ca/philosophy/people/brook-andrew/) (Carleton University)
- [Andrew Chignell](http://www.chignell.net) (Cornell University) 
- [Yoon Choi](http://www.marquette.edu/phil/httpwww.marquette.eduphilfaculty_choi.shtml) (Marquette University)
- [Anil Gomes](http://www.anilgomes.com) (Oxford University)
- [Béatrice Longuenesse](http://philosophy.fas.nyu.edu/object/beatricelonguenesse.html) (New York University)
- [Alexandra Newton](http://www.philosophy.illinois.edu/people/amnewton) (University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign)
- [Clinton Tolley](http://philosophyfaculty.ucsd.edu/faculty/ctolley/) (University of California, San Diego)

## Accomodations ##

There are various suitable hotels in downtown Lincoln. Here is a list from most to least expensive:

-   The [Embassy Suites][]
-   The [Cornhusker Marriot][]
-   The [Courtyard Marriot][]
-   The [Hilton Garden Inn][]
-   The [Holiday Inn][]

  [Embassy Suites]: http://embassysuites3.hilton.com/en/hotels/nebraska/embassy-suites-lincoln-LNKESES/index.html
  [Cornhusker Marriot]: http://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/lnkfs-the-cornhusker-a-marriott-hotel/
  [Courtyard Marriot]: http://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/lnkcy-courtyard-lincoln-downtown-haymarket/
  [Hilton Garden Inn]: http://hiltongardeninn3.hilton.com/en/hotels/nebraska/hilton-garden-inn-lincoln-downtown-haymarket-LNKDHGI/index.html
  [Holiday Inn]: http://www.ihg.com/holidayinn/hotels/us/en/lincoln/lnkdt/hoteldetail

We currently have a small block of rooms reserved at the Hilton Garden Inn
($114/night). If you're making a reservation, just let them know you're coming
for a UNL event run by the philosophy department and they should be able to give
you the discount rate.

The Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources offers [short term rental
apartments][] on East Campus, which is a short (5-12 minute) shuttle ride away,
for $60 per night. If you think you'd be interested in an apartment please
[contact me][].

  [short term rental apartments]: http://ianrhome.unl.edu/apartments
  [contact me]: mailto:mclear@unl.edu

## Travel ##

There are flights daily from both the [Lincoln Airport](http://www.lincolnairport.com) (LNK) and [Eppley Airport](http://www.flyoma.com) (OMA) in Omaha, about an [hour north](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Eppley+Airfield,+4501+Abbott+Drive,+Omaha,+NE+68110/Lincoln,+NE/@41.297008,-95.902026,17z/data=!4m17!4m16!1m5!1m1!1s0x87939aa5e9097ba3:0x1fb780b63c0867bd!2m2!1d-95.893591!2d41.302496!1m5!1m1!1s0x8796be59ca561265:0x633a859b1fd5deb9!2m2!1d-96.675278!2d40.809722!6m3!1i0!2i0!3i0) of Lincoln. 

There are regular shuttles from the Lincoln airport to the major downtown
hotels, including the Embassy Suites (call 402-474-1111) and the Hilton Garden
Inn (call 402-475-9000). These shuttles are free of charge. All the downtown
hotels are in easy walking distance to the conference venue and other planned
activities. 

[HOME➝](http://colinmclear.net)
